So let's take a look at some of
the things that we could do in our tests.
So here we'll go over to
the Pokemon search and for
anything that we don't cover together,
there is a completed version that
we can kind of review as well.
We'll do a few of them live coding, and
we'll just kind of talk about
some of the examples as well.
So one of the things is in this case,
I have just a JavaScript object for
my fixture data, right.
Cause I decided that generally speaking,
like this was probably good enough, right.
But you can see in my fixtures file I have
like the real API data for
Bulbasaur, right?
And so I can put in that fixture and get
that kind of as my API response as well.
My general rule is that if it's tiny,
it's nice to have it in the file,
so I can see it.
If it's big, I don't wanna have in
the file because I don't wanna see it,
it's purely a developer
economics thing for me.
You can see like for the other app,
the echo chamber or posts, right?
Their users is everything that had
the other app when I've seen the database,
is all kind of here as well.
So as to fill these together,
and then I will let you kind of
try some of them out as well.
So as you can see before he's just,
we will go visit Pokemon search.
We will go ahead and
find that search field and
alias it to search that
label that has the exact
same social image alias for that too.
Alright, so should call the API when
the user types cuz we saw that as soon as
I typed in Bobe, it had loading for a hot
second, and then it hit a local server.
So it didn't take that long, but
you can see that that was a query params.
So the part that I want there forever is
only matched things where we're hitting
the API.
And then there's a query params after it,
but
we want to treat all of those we'll
just call it API, it'll be fun.
So we wanna test that anytime they
type in that input field we're sending
a network request.
We don't really have that ability,
I mean, we have the ability.
I just haven't shown you that you have
it yet you have the power already and
it's actually incredibly elegant and
simple, right?
So the one part that we know that we need
to do is go and get that search field.
Right, and we'll type, do we have
a favorite Pokemon that I can spell?
There's no, what's that?
>> Ivysaur.
>> Ivysaur, sweet, so typing maybe IV,
that should be good enough, right?
And then we just wanna see that it was
that the API was called at all, right?
At all, well, we'll get more nuanced
about this later, was it called?
In this case we could do sign up wait, and
we'll say we LS is at API right and
so what this test is gonna do.
Is it's gonna go find the search
field it's gonna type IV into it and
then it's gonna the same way it.
Waited for a get to see like whether or
not it should,
did that thing appear on the page is gonna
see like hey I'm gonna wait four seconds.
Did you fire network request
that matches that glob,
cuz if not I'm gonna be
real upset with you.
Right so you could do like should have
been called and stuff like that you don't
have to this will fail, if the wait is not
triggered in the allotted amount of time.
So let's go through and
we will stop the previous one,
we'll go into this Pokemon search,
maybe we should only this for a second
Right, you can see that it fetched it and
everything is good, right?
The test passes in this case,
I just run it one more time to verify,
awesome, right?
And so you can actually see
all the fishes that were made.
You can actually see that the URL change
as well, right and test for that yet, but
I can see it happening, which is
super cool as well as things happen.
You can see us waiting for
the API, and you can see look,
this says request matched by site
intercept spy with the alias API, right?
So there's all of a sudden, this is
super helpful for when you I don't know,
like five hours and just standing in
front of people typing, make a mistake.
You can say like,
did I just misspell something, and like,
did it not even hit the spy, or did it
fail because my code was bad, right?
And so some of these little
things are super nice, for
the case of just,
making sure everything works, right?
And again, you can how to play
through every step as well.
Right, that's so if you saw it was
cuz my mouse was over there, right,
it wasn't reloading.
It's just as I scroll up, I can play
through every scene of the test as well,
all right, but like that's cool.
Let's see I would be nice to say
like it should also update that
query parameter which we
know that it does right.
And so we can grab that cuz
wait also won't that kind
of like the code looks synchronous but
it's really asynchronous.
It will hold on wait and
now run anymore of the code until
that API request has been made.
So I can also say and I mean this
theoretically should change the same time
regardless or it doesnt primarily matter.
But we saw that location from the previous
example, all right, in this case,
I care about the query puram.
And that it should, again, if you're
only ever gonna have one query fram,
you probably want equal.
If you're gonna have multiple
query params that could be set,
I would just probably use contain, right?
So I'll leave that as an exosuit whichever
one you like better in this case.
So if I type in IV,
then its name should be IV,
and I'll clear the only on that one,
we'll set it on this one, So
yeah, it counts the question mark
as part of the search param, I didn't type
that which is why you might want contains.
Or you want the question mark it's
really it failed for a good reason so
you can see here it is it got that and
everything was good.
Sweet, there's other stuff
that you can do we can type
something new into it and
it should change.
The other thing if you want you can
actually get at the actual full
object I'm mostly gonna do this
to kind of give you a sense.
To show everything in this case,
like as you saw from our purposes,
did it change the query
parameter is right.
But now we wannna see did it
fire the right API request,
right now did it change the query
parameter and location.
Did it fire the correct API request,
right?
And so we'll kind of do this a little
bit of a scroll your way, and
then we'll show a little more nuanced way
to do it, so we'll say sign up, wait.
Let's go grab that IV, for the API, and
then if I want that underlying
interception object, right.
Which is just the intercepted
API requests I could
literally grab it, and then I could.
I'm just gonna console log it for
now, so you can kind of see all
the things that are in there cuz
sometimes I'm too lazy to read ducks.
We got to only that one, so click only
on this one, we'll set it on this one.
So in this case, I might go in okay and
see the request object here
with the headers, the method.
Anything that I need to
say about the URL for
the response from the server,
so on so forth, right?
I can see all those things as well,
if I wanna make sure that it
had the API that I wanted to.
Like so it should like the the API is like
slash, I think probably monster slash API.
And then the query parameters
we saw before, so it's like,
hey, if I type in IV, it should be like
/Pokemon searc/ API/ name equals IV.
So I could do like an expected here
where I like the other piece or
I could say,
Thing is what was it request, let's see.
That URL.
Should contain.
Right so here we actually looked at
the Ajax requests that was fired,
rather than the location of the page.
So this is what I was talking about
before with the temporal example,
where I wanna make sure that the request
that I sent was correct, right?
And formatted the right way,
this is a simple example,
but I gotta change stuff
in all sorts of crazy ways,
from what the input field is to
what the API currently expects.
So to make sure that logic works
I can simply change all the fields
look at the requests that I'm sending.
And verify that they perform
the way that they're supposed
to cool there are some other little things
you can do kind of as we expand this.
We could also with the pre
population piece I could
do sign up visit and
put it in there but even site visit
has a little more of that
it can take a full object.
So we could do something
like site visit and
we'll say that the given
an object this time and
the URL is Pokmon search and
the query string is an object, right.
So then we're, there is basically
put together that for us.
So if we had a whole bunch of different
parameters we wanna see we don't wanna
definitely make it a string.
We don't care about the order,
like go visit that, and
then we wanna make sure that
theoretically like, go do that.
Wait for
it to fire that initial API request, and
make sure that like,
that's in there somewhere.
So it doesn't only, right, so there's
all sorts of really interesting things
you can do around the URI in this case.
So you can see the pre populated it,
we got the right results,
it fired the right API requests.
Right and kind of just have a lot of
opinions, all the ways back and forth.
Sweet, the kind of last one that
we'll kind of talk about for
a second is we talked about the ability
to have our own responses in there.
Right now we're sending out the requests,
we wanna look at the responses as well.